feat(radarr): simplify `SQP-1 (1080p)` and `SQP-1 (2160p)` (#1473)
TRaSH-Guides/Guides: includes/sqp/1-4k-cf-scoring-sqp1.md

    | [{{ radarr['cf']['ddplus']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#ddplus)                   |   :warning: 25 :warning:   | {{ radarr['cf']['ddplus']['trash_id'] }}          |
    | [{{ radarr['cf']['dts-es']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#dts-es)                   | :warning: -10000 :warning: | {{ radarr['cf']['dts-es']['trash_id'] }}          |
    | [{{ radarr['cf']['dts']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#dts)                         |   :warning: 0 :warning:    | {{ radarr['cf']['dts']['trash_id'] }}             |
    | [{{ radarr['cf']['aac']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#aac)                         |   :warning: 0 :warning:    | {{ radarr['cf']['aac']['trash_id'] }}             |
    | [{{ radarr['cf']['dd']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#dd)                           |   :warning: 15 :warning:   | {{ radarr['cf']['dd']['trash_id'] }}              |

    !!! warning "Scores marked with a :warning: warning :warning: are different to those used in the main public guide"

>     !!! danger "The CF with `0` you can choose to add with a score of `0` or just don't add them.<br>The reason why we score them this low is to prevent transcoding as much as possible<br>The reason why `DTS` has a score of `0` is to make sure you don't limit your self to much."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    !!! danger "The CF with `0` you can choose to add with a score of `0` or just don't add them.<br>The reason why we score them this low is to prevent transcoding as much as possible.<br>The reason why `DTS` has a score of `0` is to make sure, that you don't limit yourself too much."
```

    | [{{ radarr['cf']['hdr']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#hdr)                     |      {{ radarr['cf']['hdr']['trash_score'] }}      | {{ radarr['cf']['hdr']['trash_id'] }}           |
    | [{{ radarr['cf']['hdr-undefined']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#hdr-undefined) | {{ radarr['cf']['hdr-undefined']['trash_score'] }} | {{ radarr['cf']['hdr-undefined']['trash_id'] }} |
    | [{{ radarr['cf']['pq']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#pq)                       |      {{ radarr['cf']['pq']['trash_score'] }}       | {{ radarr['cf']['pq']['trash_id'] }}            |
    | [{{ radarr['cf']['hlg']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#hlg)                     |      {{ radarr['cf']['hlg']['trash_score'] }}      | {{ radarr['cf']['hlg']['trash_id'] }}           |
    | [{{ radarr['cf']['dv-webdl']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#dv-webdl)           |   {{ radarr['cf']['dv-webdl']['trash_score'] }}    | {{ radarr['cf']['dv-webdl']['trash_id'] }}      |

>     !!! danger "The reason why we add `DV (WEBDL)` is because you want maximum compatibility between all devices  :warning:"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    !!! danger "The reason why we add `DV (WEBDL)` is because you want maximum compatibility across all devices :warning:"
```

    | [{{ radarr['cf']['criterion-collection']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#criterion-collection) | {{ radarr['cf']['criterion-collection']['trash_score'] }} | {{ radarr['cf']['criterion-collection']['trash_id'] }} |
    | [{{ radarr['cf']['masters-of-cinema']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#masters-of-cinema)       |  {{ radarr['cf']['masters-of-cinema']['trash_score'] }}   | {{ radarr['cf']['masters-of-cinema']['trash_id'] }}    |
    | [{{ radarr['cf']['vinegar-syndrome']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#vinegar-syndrome)         |   {{ radarr['cf']['vinegar-syndrome']['trash_score'] }}   | {{ radarr['cf']['vinegar-syndrome']['trash_id'] }}     |
    | [{{ radarr['cf']['special-edition']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#special-edition)           |   {{ radarr['cf']['special-edition']['trash_score'] }}    | {{ radarr['cf']['special-edition']['trash_id'] }}      |

    !!! info
        - If you prefer 1080p/2160p WEBDL with IMAX-E then add [{{ radarr['cf']['imax-enhanced']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#imax-enhanced) with the default scores.

>         - The reason why we don't add [{{ radarr['cf']['imax']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#imax) is because BHDStudio doesn't add it to their release name, their motto if the source has imax then it will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - The reason why we don't add [{{ radarr['cf']['imax']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#imax) is because BHDStudio doesn't add it to their release name. Their motto is: If the source has IMAX then the encode will have it as well.
```

    | [{{ radarr['cf']['hd-bluray-tier-01']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#hd-bluray-tier-01)                    |             :warning: 1100 :warning:             | {{ radarr['cf']['hd-bluray-tier-01']['trash_id'] }} |
    | [{{ radarr['cf']['hd-bluray-tier-02']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#hd-bluray-tier-02)                    |             :warning: 1050 :warning:             | {{ radarr['cf']['hd-bluray-tier-02']['trash_id'] }} |
    | [{{ radarr['cf']['hd-bluray-tier-03']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#hd-bluray-tier-03)                    |             :warning: 1000 :warning:             | {{ radarr['cf']['hd-bluray-tier-03']['trash_id'] }} |

    !!! warning "Scores marked with a :warning: warning :warning: are different to those used in the main public guide"

    !!! tip
        If you use SQP-1 (1080p) as your main/second Radarr you want to remove the following HQ Release Groups

>         - `HD Bluray Tier 01`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `[{{ radarr['cf']['hd-bluray-tier-01']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#hd-bluray-tier-01)`
```

        - `HD Bluray Tier 02`

>         - `HD Bluray Tier 03`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `[{{ radarr['cf']['hd-bluray-tier-03']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#hd-bluray-tier-03)`
```
